hi everyone Laszlo Montgomery hair
episode 83 coming to you from the China
history podcast calm after a couple
years of so many of y'all's requesting
this topic I'm finally yielding to the
will of the people today we're going to
begin to trace the history of the great
proletarian Cultural Revolution
we'll begin today with the lead-up to
the Cultural Revolution and over the
period of the next few episodes however
long it takes we'll go all the way up to
the death of Mao in September 1976 and
the subsequent fall of the gang of four
I thought it would be good to start with
the circumstances and events that led up
to this watershed in modern Chinese
history and that next time we'll get
right into the messy stuff with the Red
Guards and the whole madness from 1966
to 1969 what is so fascinating about the
Cultural Revolution that makes so many
foreigners so interested in curious
those who follow China all know about
the details of the Cultural Revolution
one degree or another in the West it's
often portrayed in popular media and in
pop art as this crazy time in China
where everyone dressed up in my outfits
and wore red armbands and paraded around
shouting slogans waving the little red
book in the air and railing against the
West and capitalism the propaganda
posters were fantastic but there wasn't
much else about the Cultural Revolution
that was nice or positive in any way the
way I see it nothing good came out of
this there wasn't any hidden silver
lining to this event while the world
moved forward China stood still in most
tragic of all aside from the death of
millions the horrific suffering and the
systematic destruction of so much of
China's great cultural heritage the
bitterness endured during this terrible
time even today brings tears to the eyes
many of those who were impacted by the
Cultural Revolution in this introductory
episode will begin to look at where all
the various seeds were planted that grew
into the Cultural Revolution let's get
to know the names who was who what
happened when and review all the
seemingly innocuous
moments that led to a concatenation of
events that ultimately led to that
fateful day on August 5th 1966 when
Chairman Mao released his own thoughts
of bulk or big character poster that
said
Pal da Celine booth or bombard the
headquarters once that happened anyone
who wasn't quite sure what was going on
yet suddenly knew this wasn't business
as usual anymore so let's look at the
events that led up to that fateful day
when the world came crashing down for
tens and tens of millions of people
China fell into this dark abyss while
all over the West the 60s were in full
bloom
The Beatles released revolver on the
very day Mao unleashed his big character
poster on the unsuspecting and when the
Beatles followed up with Sergeant Pepper
ten months later in June of 1967 China
was experiencing the worst that the
Cultural Revolution could offer the 60s
was a period of amazing economic growth
not only in the US but in Japan as well
but China totally missed out two of the
most horrific disasters to strike China
in modern times happened one on top of
the other
both of these disasters that resulted in
so much human and economic loss were
man-made yet great leap forward first
and the subsequent famine that followed
and after a period of getting up off its
knees
China is once again plunged into another
calamity when Mao launched the Cultural
Revolution so from 1958 when the Great
Leap started all the way up until the
gang of four were dealt with decisively
in October 1976 China didn't have it so
good
that's 18 rough years many will trace
the origins of the Cultural Revolution
to the failures of the Great Leap
Forward but I'd like to go back even
further to February of 1956 when
something terrible happened a mild
sodon't that changed him this was when
Nikita Khrushchev made his secret speech
at the 20th Congress of the Communist
Party of the Soviet Union we mentioned
this before in CHP episode 65 dong Xiao
ping part three in that speech
Stalin was denounced as well as the
whole cult of personality that
surrounded him and if that wasn't enough
to raise Mouse blood pressure
Khrushchev also came up with all kinds
of ideological innovations to socialist
doctrine that just made Chairman Mao's
blood boil
in doing all he did Khrushchev made Mao
look bad that was the end of the special
relationship between China and the
Soviet Union in 1959 Khrushchev by this
time not a fan of Chairman Mao and vice
versa reneged on his promise to give
China the recipe for the atomic bomb
then in July of 1960 Khrushchev went and
pulled out the 14 hundred or so advisors
and specialists working with the Chinese
on a myriad of projects and in 1962 when
China went to war with India which we
covered in the last episode rather than
stand in China's corner the USSR adopted
a neutral position so much for communist
Brotherhood by this time Mao tried to
outdo himself with one bellicose
statement after another about the
revisionist ways of his one time Big
Brother to the north and in July 1963
when the US UK and Soviet Union signed
the nuclear test ban treaty Mao saw this
as the final betrayal
so the sino-soviet split was a trauma
for Mao but that paled in comparison to
the failure of his great harebrained
scheme known as the thigh chin or Great
Leap Forward you can listen to CHP
episode number four to get the details
about the great leap so awful and
far-reaching was the devastation caused
by the Great Leap Forward that in
January in February 1962 Mao had to do
the unthinkable and admit he was wrong
in front of 7,000 cadres and when I say
he admitted his mistake it was a very
watered-down self-criticism so starting
right about then Mao stepped back and
let the Leo xiaochi dong Xiao ping team
take over day-to-day affairs
and his comrades didn't let him off the
hook so easy
Chairman Mao had done a very bad thing
even though he meant well the number of
deaths has been argued but it ranged in
the millions and perhaps tens of
millions Mao was a sport about it and
encouraged his fellow leaders who made
up the party establishment to speak up
ironically he encouraged them to be like
hi ray the loyal Ming Dynasty official
who dared to speak truthfully to the
judging Emperor regarding his imperial
excesses Mao secretary at the time who
Chou mu relayed this utterance from
Chairman Mao to none other than the vice
mayor of Beijing Wuhan also a scholar on
the Ming Dynasty and a respected and
celebrated man of letters who Chou mu
suggested to Wuhan that maybe a play or
an essay on the life of high Rae would
be a good thing
after all the Chairman himself had
called for this so late 1959 Wuhan wrote
an article called discussing high-rate
this was right after Pongo Hawaii had
been purged for daring to speak up like
hi ray at the time when Wuhan wrote the
article no one said anything it was a
non-issue later on Wuhan turned this
article into a play and it was called
the dismissal of hydrate hydrate Pakwan
this is important as we'll see later
although maybe not in this episode well
Mao did what he had to do he had to lay
low and take his lumps for what happened
with the Great Leap and the famine but
what was happening in Russia was really
making him uncomfortable the way the
all-powerful omnipotent Joe Stalin had
been thrown under the bus really
unnerved MA and then Khrushchev had the
audacity to go on and on about how bad
this personality cult thing was that
Stalin had propagated all those years
the bottom line was that all these lousy
things being said about Stalin in one
form or another could very well have
been said about Mao Zedong so there was
Mao in 1962 63 64 nursing his wounds
he began to feel very marginalized he
had already seated the chairmanship of
the party Tulio xiaochi when you have an
ego the size of mounted dong it's easy
to take everything personal it was clear
for all to see that Mao created this
huge mess and all these other guys know
she'll chill and like them she'll paying
genuine young shun-kun and many others
they were all having to mop up from
their chairman and when 1964 rolled
around by every account you could
conclude they were doing a fine job
China was clearly coming back from the
brink slowly but surely and Mao knew it
many intellectuals in the party
establishment became more and Boldin
with their criticisms of the Great Leap
Forward and to make matters worse Mao
had to be seething when he read how his
precious mass mobilization tactics were
being completely dissed and when Mao
looked to the north and saw what was
happening in the Soviet Union and the
magnitude of the revisionism going on up
there at least in Mao's eyes it really
began to shake him up according to Mao's
thinking a revisionist was someone who
abandoned the goals of the revolution
and called for special status especially
among the party elite the other part of
revisionism that Mao despised was the
accumulation of wealth and goods the
hallmarks of capitalism
he saw a whole new party elite being
created in Russia that acted in all
respects like a brand new ruling class
egalitarian ism and all the other
hallmarks of communism were seemingly
being tossed out the window Mao looked
all around him and in his eyes he saw
the same thing happening in China just
imagine what it must have been like his
big ego and megalomania aside Mao Zedong
still had enormous prestige in the party
and certainly in the eyes of the Chinese
people he was chairman mao practically a
god wasn't it he who stood on the
platform overlooking Tiananmen Square on
October 1st night
49 and declared the founding of the
nation hadn't he been the great leader
who defeated the Nationalists despite
the horrors of the Great Leap Forward he
was still the top guy and even though he
was taking a back seat to the
Conservative Party establishment Mao
remained the man then on October 14 1964
Khrushchev was overthrown in a coup and
replaced by Leonid Brezhnev he of the
amazing eyebrows this really shook up
Chairman Mao all things considered Mao
began to see himself as vulnerable and
he began to look at Leo Shao Qi as his
potential Brezhnev it's hard to say
exactly when Mouse snapped he had to be
feeling the strain China seemed to be
marching forward after such a cataclysm
and no one consulted him anymore like
they used to nor did they give him the
face he thought he was do Mao became
obsessed with two things that bothered
him to no end
first was the obvious ideological
backsliding at the top levels of the
party the second was the possible
restoration of capitalist practices in
the Chinese economy so by the end of
1964 the storm clouds began to gather
this is when it all starts to happen Mao
was now watching everything very very
carefully and he didn't like what he saw
I guess now is as good a time as any to
introduce the man who I guess we can say
made the Cultural Revolution all
possible Mao hit his gang of hardcore
sycophants who had their grip firmly on
mouthes coattails but none of them held
as tightly as marshal Lynn PL Lin was
one of China's 10 marshals and played a
starring role in the Communist victory
over the Nationalists especially in the
northeast of China only Judah and Poong
dawai out ranked him I'm gonna cover the
bizarre life of Lin Yao in a future
podcast this guy was weird with all his
phobias and alleged hypochondria
nonetheless despite all this he played a
key role in
China's civil war nobody could take his
heroic efforts away from him a man this
guy was strange Lin's moment came after
the 1959 liuxiang conference when Poong
defy dared to speak up and pointed out
the mistakes of the Great Leap Forward
to Mao Mao
thereupon got rid of punk and replaced
him as defense minister with Lin pol
once he does this Lin Biao went and at
once began to ream old the People's
Liberation Army into a political force
rather than keeping it as pundit as a
professional military machine but not
only did he politicize the PLA at the
same time he busied himself with the
construction of a Mao Zedong cult of
personality in mile being Mao and all he
was happy to go along for the ride on
this one one of the most famous props
that went along with this whole Mao cult
was none other than the little red book
the Mao who she you Lou it was initially
written in January of 1964 as an
internal PLA document but was later
unleashed on the whole of China this
little red book was all in Piazza baby
the book is a whole topic unto itself so
I'm gonna skip over the details behind
this icon of modern Chinese history
honestly no one took notice of what
limpio is methodically and quietly doing
the number of party members in the
military began to increase at a rapid
rate
then you begin to see these
indoctrination campaigns where the
military was called on to serve the
party and this is where Lai Fung enters
the picture who was lay Fung well
scholars argue whether he existed at all
he was a foot soldier from Hunan the
province Mao also came from who served
in the PLA and died young and tragically
at the age of 22 he became a symbol of
selfless devotion to the PLA and later
to Chairman Mao the prop that Lin Biao
needed to carry out this whole thing was
the discovery of lei Fung's diary and
let me put the
word discovery in quotation marks
because most likely this whole thing was
a fabrication concocted by the ghouls
and the pla propaganda department in
this diary that was discovered
posthumously of course it portrayed lai
fung as nothing less than a model saint
selflessly serving the revolution the
party and the people lay fung died when
some soldier was backing up a truck and
hit a telephone pole that fell on him so
he dies and then lo and behold they find
this diary and before you could say she
as she lay fung there was a campaign
introduced to learn from lai fung the
whole learned from lay fung campaign
began innocently like this you know as a
means to raise the revolutionary spirit
in the army but later on is a lever to
attack those intellectuals and writers
whose revolutionary fervor had been
diminished to an alarming degree lai
fung had pledged himself to serve and to
be obedient no matter what he was
portrayed as honest and sincere and to
enhance his image part of the story was
that his parents had suffered horribly
at the hands of the japanese during the
war and for good measure it was said
they also suffered at the hands of the
kmt rightists and landlords as well
the lai fung diary was then introduced
into the school system and when chairman
mao wrote on the title page in his own
calligraphy no less to learn from the
pla it turned the heat up a notch on
this whole thing and let's not forget as
this whole lay phone thing gathered
momentum it also helped elevate Lin
Qiao's esteem as well Lin Buell was on a
roll besides the little red book and a
whole a fun thing he also gained no
small amount of prestige from China
smashing success in the late 1962
sino-indian border war and in the
detonation of China's first atomic bomb
in 1964 by this time there was no
stopping Lin Bao his influence also
began to extend itself into the areas of
Public Security and into the culture
bureaucracy and it's in the world of
culture that his path crossed with
another of the great villains of the
Cultural Revolution none other than
Madame Mao herself Jung ching what
appear these two made what a couple of
misfits they were but they were able to
use their respective relationships to
manipulate the Chairman to their
respective ends and Mao use them as well
Lin Bo and Chang Chang had a symbiotic
relationship with mild sadang they all
fed off each other to further their
respective agendas that I guess was the
accumulation of power authority and
prestige and of course the destruction
of all their perceived enemies young
Ching makes her entree into the halls of
power in a seemingly innocuous way MA
with Lin's help head Jiang Ching join
the cultural department of the PLA I
think I mentioned in a previous episode
when Jung ching
thanks to kang chun entered Mao's life
during the yen on period it met with a
great amount of resistance from all
those comrades who saw nothing but
trouble with this b-movie actress from
Shanghai as part of the deal in
accepting her my agreed to keep Jung
Chang out of politics for something like
30 years and he was a man of his word up
to now
Jung Ching had remained in the
background but now 30 years had passed
and she was chomping at the bit to
explode onto the scene and in the
cultural department of the PLA she
finally got her chance it was in this
position that she began to mingle a lot
but all these radicals down in her old
stomping ground of Shanghai
you see Shanghai was a major hotbed of
radicalism Beijing wasn't Beijing was
where the party establishment was and
these guys at no time for these leftists
and their strict Maoist ways all this
time the leftist wing of the party had
been frustrated at being marginalized no
matter how much they tried to break into
power or make their voice heard they
just couldn't do it
the Johanne lies
ouchies and others were very successful
at showing them respect but at the same
time keeping them at bay so they all
remain down in Shanghai stewing in their
own juices and waiting for their moment
when Jung ching entered their world
things began to look up already by 1963
Mao believed he had shown enough
contrition for the Great Leap Forward
and after laying low all this time he
began to grumble about the revisionism
going on and being treated like a dead
ancestor in September 1962 during a
speech at the tenth plenum Mao began
calling for more class struggle he
wasn't in power but as I said no one out
trumped Mao when it came to national
prestige so although he wasn't the top
guy in the government anymore everyone
still had to listen to him
so Chairman Mao tried to get his way by
launching what became known as the
socialist education movement I guess you
could call it a mini dress rehearsal for
the Cultural Revolution it began in the
rural areas as a campaign to combat
corruption amongst all the cadres down
there in May 1963 a mile issued what was
known as the first 10 points this is
where Mao speaks his mind and raises
serious concerns about all these
revisionist tendencies happening in the
party he wanted the peasants both poor
and middle class to judge and rectify
the errors of the party it wasn't this
document that Mao said he had two main
concerns first was how collective
farming and the communes of it shut down
and things were returning to business as
usual in the countryside second was the
increasingly bureaucratic ways of the
party so the socialist education
movement began innocently enough as a
campaign to restore collectivism and
re-establish the communes as the basic
unit of control in the countryside and
also as a mechanism to turn up the heat
against the rising tide of corruption at
the local level Mao also aimed to put
some pressure on this bureaucratic
elitism that he saw on the top ranks I
guess you could say with this
socialist education movement Mao was
starting to push back against what he
was seeing and at the same time show
everyone he was still the man and what
he said mattered party cadres were urged
to mingle with the masses and get
involved with what they were doing the
party leaders were no doubt rolling
their eyes and thinking here we go again
they couldn't just ignore what Mao was
calling for they had to show at least a
modicum of enthusiasm as far as stamping
out corruption and learning from the
peasants they weren't against this at
all but they had some serious concerns
about how Mao was going about doing this
when the Chairman started talking about
mass mobilization campaigns and class
struggle it made them shiver China was
finally on the road to recovery after
the worst disaster in PRC history
something due entirely to mouths a dome
style mass mobilization and now that Mao
was doing the same thing again the
Conservative Party leaders couldn't help
but think what the negative impact might
be on the newly recovered agricultural
productivity not to mention what it
might mean to their own control of the
levers of power in the party September
1963 in response to Mao's 10 points dung
Xiao ping issues the later 10 points
which was followed up the next year with
the revised later 10 points by Leo Xiao
Qi basically they took miles 10 points
and just peeled away all the most
radical parts this of course didn't make
Maul very happy ultimately what came out
of this was a document known as the 23
articles with the 23 articles things
began to get serious if the party
leaders were wary of having to deal with
Mao and his radical thinking now they
were seeing for the first time Mao was
up to something and it wasn't good not
for them anyway so the socialist
education movement went from being a
rural based movement to one aimed
squarely at the party elites when Mao
said the movement was now focused
against quote those people in a thorough
within the party who were taking the
capitalist road it amounted to an
unspoken declaration of war
Mao was being loud and clear about quote
boldly unleashing the masses and not
being like a woman with bound feet so
with this the battle lines began to be
drawn but honestly in the end the
socialist education movement turned out
to be nothing but a big waste of time
and didn't accomplish much of anything
the Conservatives dodged a bullet and
were able to thwart Mao once again but
everyone was beginning to feel a little
on edge despite their success and
lifting China up by the bootstraps after
such a disaster as the Great Leap in the
meantime while all this was going on Lin
Piau is busy doing his thing in the
military the Maoist and the party not
getting anywhere with the top leaders in
Beijing began to see the PLA as the only
way to shake things up and get their way
Lin Biao continued to organize the PLA
is the role model for the whole country
as far as you know exhibiting the
revolutionary values that Mao held so
dearly so the leaders were very wary of
Lin Yao and began to suspect what he was
up to
Lin ba was remoulding the PLA into a
political machine and less of the
professional fighting force that the now
disgraced Poong dal I had worked so hard
to build from scratch in 1963 when they
learned from the PLA and learned from
lei Fung campaigns were launched it was
like a coming-out party for the new and
politically improved People's Liberation
Army I was at the Ningpo museum the
other day this is a very nice place well
worth visiting if you ever find yourself
in Ningbo or mingzhou as it was known
for thousands of years they had an
exhibit on lai fung that was a real hoot
lai fung was this unknown nobody when he
died yet the detail photos documents his
diary everything I mean you can't
believe how much information there was
on this guy the way the Lin Pio
propaganda machine just
turned out the magnitude of
unadulterated BSI this guy's life
was incredible I couldn't help but think
how when Lee Harvey Oswald
cough-cough assassinated JFK back in
1963 in no time at all the CIA had been
able to compile a whole life story about
this loser it's like where did they get
all this information all these photos
maybe that's one reason why the young
people of today sort of snicker at this
whole lay fun thing it's all funny and
seems rather innocent now but back in
1963 it was very serious stuff so now
that the new-and-improved politicized
PLA was making its voice heard the time
had come to be more overt in their
efforts to muscle in on the government
and put some pressure on the Leo Shao Qi
faction the PLA propaganda goons worked
tirelessly to keep Fanning the flames of
this growing personality cult
surrounding Chairman Mao already
hundreds of millions of little red books
had been printed and distributed posters
of Mao were being hung up everywhere in
early 1964 already Mao was calling for
intellectuals to be sent down to the
countryside to learn from the masses in
June 1964 Mao also called for a kind of
rectification campaign in the party that
sort of echoed what he tried in 1957
with the anti-rightist campaign but try
as he might mouths efforts were
continually thwarted by the forces of
Leo and dung the minimum amount of lip
service was paid to these calls from Mao
just enough to make it look like they
were listening but all in all like what
happened with the socialist education
movement they diluted everything
sufficiently enough so that nothing mile
call for gained any traction
by the time 1965 rolled around it was
clear there was a full-blown power
struggle going on and it became
increasingly more difficult to keep the
Maoists marginalised that was all about
to change in a Politburo meeting in
January 1965
if Mao first called for a so-called
Cultural Revolution and appoints Poong
Jun to tear a five man group or a group
of five it was also called the five were
pungsong yo Shao Qi who long XI looting
ye and good old Kang Shang
now who was punchin we're going to focus
on Punk John in the next episode but for
now he was one of the good guys he was
firmly in the lil Shao Qi Feng shaofeng
faction and later on in the 1980s he was
one of the eight immortals who we
discussed in the recent boy oh boy
episode in 1965 Punk John was the
all-powerful mayor and party boss in
Beijing looting Yi was the culture
minister wu lung she was in charge of
the people's daily the mouthpiece of the
party
these four were all like-minded Kang
sang on the other hand he was anything
but a pragmatist for all his political
life he was always on one side in one
side only and that was the side of Kang
Xiang and as far back as the yen on days
in the late 30s he attached himself to
Mao Zedong yet forevermore his fate was
tied to ma what he was doing in his
group of five who knows you see actually
punk Jun had always gotten along with
Kang Xiang
despite the sleaze factor associated
with this one-time secret police boss
but as we'll see cun totally completely
and thoroughly stabs Punk John in the
back and when it was all over pan John
had to have been wondering why he
trusted Kang Chang and his five-man
group Poong was tasked with carrying the
ball to get this whole Cultural
Revolution idea going it was created in
response to the growing criticisms from
Mao about what was going on at the top
levels mouth felt he had been patient
and had given everyone a chance to
answer for all his concerns about these
revisionist tendencies creeping back
into the top levels of the party but
Poong John being a pragmatist and all
did his best to make it look like he was
giving mouth
face and taking this seriously but
basically he didn't do anything tried
his best to send this whole thing into
oblivion the group of five was simply
puns way of humoring mouth to show he
was taking it seriously
specifically the five man group was
called upon to discuss and conclude on
the matter of vice mayor Wu Hans play hi
ray dismissed from office I'm gonna
focus on this in the next episode but
scuttlebutt going on about this concern
whether or not this play was an allegory
for mouths dismissal upon dawai at the
Lucian Conference during the Great Leap
Forward the parallels between Panda Y
and hi ray were obvious but on February
3rd 1966 Poong submitted his report and
in it he concluded that this matter of
Wu Hans play since it was not political
should be left to the scholars and the
historians so just like they did with
the socialist education movement the
pragmatists and power were able to make
it look like they were all over this
thing but between the foot-dragging
obfuscation and general lack of
enthusiasm the group of five despite all
their meetings and discussions report it
to Mao ain't no bourgeois culture as far
as we can see so in the next episode
we're gonna pick up in early 1966 and as
we'll see Mao puts his foot down and
when he did that the ground is going to
shake like never before and we'll see
everything began to quickly spiral out
of control some of you might be
wondering who was the big deal about
this upright honest Ming Dynasty
official high Dre and the play that
Beijing Vice Mayor Wuhan wrote about why
did I have to go mention this and what
does this have to do with anything
well next episode we're gonna look at
why Wu Hans play high-rate bakwan became
the centerpiece of this political
struggle that Mao was having with
China's top leaders today in this
episode I just wanted to lay the
groundwork and explain the events that
ultimately led up to the fateful year of
the official start of the Cultural
Revolution next week will see the
emergence of the Red Guards the Gang of
Four the rallies and Tiananmen Square
and the decimation of the top leadership
so I hope you'll come back for more I'm
uploading this episode from the business
class lounge here at Hong Kong
International Airport I'm sitting in the
hard seats but you know being Marco Polo
Club and all Cathay Pacific gives me uh
you know a little bit of face and lets
me sit in the lounge here I have 12
hours of utter misery ahead of me before
I touch down at LAX or do i I don't know
about you but I'm a podcast hoarder I
have hundreds and hundreds of episodes
that I downloaded but haven't gotten
around to listening to yet and the
flight over I finally got around to
listening to the world and words from PR
i--'s Patrick Cox I burned through like
15 episodes one right after the other
and let me say that was one way to make
the time pass pleasurably go check them
out that podcast can be found in iTunes
U so between Patrick Cox's world and
words a little Melvin brag a little
history according to Baba Thomas
Jefferson our and of course episode 51
from my history podcasting brother Ray
Harris history of world war ii podcast
those all put a major dent in the
14-hour flight so for the flight back to
LA I'm gonna do another 15 or 20
episodes of the world and words and I
should be all caught up with that one I
have to update my podcasts when I get to
Hong Kong since a lot of this stuff is
blocked here in the Middle Kingdom I'll
be back in LA Sunday night and then
Thursday I have to fly to New York for
the annual stationary show several of my
peoples will be flying in from Ningbo
and I'll be slepping them to
Pennsylvania and then to Kansas City
home of the great one Bob packet so
things should be back to normal around
the end of May you might notice a
two-week lag in between episodes I hope
you'll bear with me and not hold me in
too much contempt may I be one of the
first Asian history podcasters to wish
all you mother
out there a happy mother's day this is
Laszlo Montgomery thanking you all for
listening and downloading and hoping
you'll join me next time for another
dear I say exciting episode of the China
history podcast